[Music]
in the second year of Jehoash the son of
Jehovah as king of Israel
a messiah the son of joash king of Judah
became king he was 25 years old when he
became King and he reigned 29 years in
Jerusalem his mother's name was ji ho
Eden of Jerusalem and he did what was
right in the sight of the Lord yet not
like his father David he did everything
as his father Jewish had done however
the high places were not taken away and
the people still sacrificed and burned
incense on the high places now it
happened as soon as the kingdom was
established in his hand that he executed
his servants who had murdered his father
the king but the children of the
murderers he did not execute according
to what is written in the book of the
law of Moses in which the LORD commanded
father's shall not be put to death for
their children nor shall children be put
to death for their fathers but a person
shall be put to death for his own sin
he killed 10,000 in the valley
of salt and took Cielo by war and called
its name Jack Theo to this day
then Amaziah sent messengers to ji-ho
ash the son of Jehovah's the son of G
Hugh King of Israel come let us face one
another in battle and joash king of
Israel sent to amaziah king of judah the
Thistle that was in lebanon sent to the
cedar that was in lebanon saying give
your daughter to my son as wife and a
wild beast that was in lebanon passed by
and trampled the thistle you have indeed
defeated Edom and your heart has lifted
you up glory in that and stay at home
for why should you meddle with trouble
so that you fall you and Judah with you
but Amaziah would not heed therefore
jeho ash king of israel went out so he
and amaziah king of judah faced one
another at beth shemish which belongs to
Judith
and Judah was defeated by Israel and
every man fled to his tent then Jehoash
king of Israel captured amaziah king of
judah the son of joash the son of Ahaz
aya ad beth shemesh and he went to
jerusalem and broke down the wall of
jerusalem from the gate of ephraim to
the corner gate four hundred cubits and
he took all the gold and silver all the
articles that were found in the house of
the lord and in the Treasuries of the
king's house and hostages and returned
to samaria now the rest of the acts of
Jehoash which he did his might and how
he fought with amaziah king of judah are
they not written in the book of the
chronicles of the kings of israel so
jehoash rested with his father's and was
buried in samaria with the kings of
israel then Jeroboam his son reigned in
his place a messiah the son of joash
king of Judah lived fifteen years after
the death of Jehoash the son of Jehovah
as king of Israel now the rest of the
acts of a messiah are they not written
in the book of The Chronicles of the
kings of Judah and they formed a
conspiracy against him in Jerusalem and
he fled to lakish but they sent after
him to lakish and killed him there then
they brought him on horses
and he was buried at Jerusalem with his
father's in the City of David and all
the people of Judah took Azariah who was
16 years old and made him King instead
of his father Amazon
he built Elath and restored it to Judah
after the king rested with his father's
in the fifteenth year of Amazon the son
of joash king of Judah Jeroboam the son
of jehoiada 'el became king in samaria
and reigned 41 years and he did evil in
the sight of the lord he did not depart
from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of
Nebat who had made Israel sin he
restored the territory of Israel from
the entrance of Hamas to the sea of
Arabah according to the word of the Lord
God of Israel which he had spoken
through his servant Jonah the son of
Amitai the prophet who was from Gath -
for the Lord saw that the affliction of
Israel was very bitter
and whether bond or free there was no
helper for Israel and the Lord did not
say that he would blot out the name of
Israel from under heaven but he saved
them by the hand of Jeroboam the son of
Joh now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam
and all that he did his might how he
made war and how he recaptured for
Israel from Damascus and Hamas what had
belonged to Judah are they not written
in the book of The Chronicles of the
kings of Israel so Jeroboam rested with
his father's the kings of Israel then
Zechariah his son reigned in his place
you